## 1.1 Communicate with your customer accurately

### 1.1.1 Idea Brainstorming

You could use brainstorming to get some good user requirements.

### 1.1.2 User Stories

Are basically individual tasks the software has to do, they are composed
of somaller tasks, they contain a title, a description and a priority
rating. User stories should describe one action, and must be written in
plain simple language. It's very important to break your user stories
into tasks as soon as possible.

-   Nice to have
-   Moderately important
-   Important
-   Urgent

Title Description Priority

Estimates Design Thinking

### 1.1.3 Iteration cycles

The sofware is developed in iterations with constant feedback, they
allow you to make quick adjustments. The shorter your iterations are the
chance to catch any problem increases. The processes of an iteration
cycle are the following.

-   Requirements
-   Design
-   Code
-   Test

A full iteration cycle produces working software.

### 1.1.4 Estimating the whole project

You can calculate the estimated time by consensus. Developers usually
disagree about estimates. Eliminate assumptions.

### 1.1.5 Planning considering priorities

If there is a big difference between the developer's estimated date, and
the client's estimated time, a good approach is to prioritize the user
stories, according to the client's needs.

A good pair of questions to ask:

-   What is the most important piece of functionality to you?
-   What are the first features you would like to see in the design?
-   We believe this User Story is really important. Do you agree?
-   We suggest a 30-day Iteration. Is that ok with you?

### 1.1.6 Reaching Consensus in Estimations

The sum of time needed to create all the user stories. *A very good way
to estimate the time is playing planning poker*. Developers should
understand perfectly what the customer wants. If the software needs an
admin interface, if the softwares allows changes in orders.

### 1.1.7 Milestones

It is a MAJOR release, a working software must be showed, also you
expect to get paid for it.

